# Chapter C - Sampling
1.	What is a population? 
2.	What is a census? Provide a realistic example. 
3.	What is a sample and why would a sample be used over a census?
4.	Why should a sample be representative? 
5.	What about samples should be taken into account when generalizing findings?
6.	What is a sampling error?
7.	Explain the following statement: “‘true scores, measurements, or observations’ are rarely found.”
8.	How does the concept of population parameters apply to the Literary Digest survey?
9.	What is the difference between probability and nonprobability sampling?
10.	What factors come into play when choosing between probability and nonprobability sampling?
11.	What type of study might be appropriate to use nonprobability sampling?
12.	Probability sampling can still result in a non-representative sample. How can this be accounted for?
13.	What is the difference between an unqualified volunteer sample and a qualified volunteer sample? Which method is more appropriate for research?
14.	What is the problem with self-selected samples like those used by TV shows asking viewers to vote on a poll question?
15.	What is the purpose of a sampling frame in a qualified volunteer sample?
16.	What is a convenience sample? What are the benefits and drawbacks of these types of samples?
17.	What is sampling bias?
18.	Does a large number of respondents in a convenience sample improve the quality of the finding? Why or why not?
19.	What are the concerns with non-scientific viewer polls being presented as legitimate?
20.	What is a purposive sample and why are they used? Provide a hypothetical example not listed in the text. 
21.	What is a quota sample? Provide a hypothetical example not listed in the text.
22.	What is snowball sampling? Provide a hypothetical example not listed in the text.
23.	Snowball sampling is not highly regarded by the text. Can you envision a scenario where it would be appropriate or necessary?
24.	List the non-probability sampling methods.
25.	How are simple random samples determined?
26.	What is the name of the method for determining a simple random sample of phone numbers?
27.	What is systematic random sampling? Provide a hypothetical example not listed in the text.
28.	 What are the benefits of systematic random sampling over simple random sampling?
29.	What does the accuracy of systematic random sampling hinge on?
30.	What role does periodicity play in systematic random sampling?
31.	Why might a stratified random sample be used?
32.	What is cluster sampling? What are the benefits and drawbacks?
33.	What types of studies use small samples? Which types use large samples?
34.	How do groups or cells play a role in sample size selection?
